♪♪
[ Distorted shouting ]
[ Distorted laughter ]
[ Distorted ]
Hashtag So Funny!
[ Distorted grunting ]
I told you, man.
They're killers.
They're stone‐cold killers.
[ Distorted laughter ]
[ Gasps ]
What the...?
[ Dryer blowing ]
♪♪
Look at that. VHS tapes and
fur coats. Welcome to Russia.
30 years behind...
[ Man shouting in Russian ]
God. Small feet.
Lucky I'm a knot guy.
Ah, come on!
Oh, man. It's so far.
[ Grunts ] Aw, damn it!
[ Argument in Russian
continues faintly ]
[Man speaking Russian
on television]
[Woman speaking Russian
[ Muffled ] Help me!
Help! Help!
[ Muffled ]
Stop eating soup!
[Rock music plays]
[ Muffled ] Guys, help!
[Woman speaking Russian
on television]
[ Muffled shouting ]
Stop eating!
[Rock music plays]
Heh.
Help! Help me!
[Whimpering]
How did I get here?
[ Man singing in Russian ]
[ Buzzing ]
Gene: All right, party animals.
Who wants to get laid?
[ Laughter ]
‐Yeah!
‐Whoo!
Sharpen your
pencils, boys.
Good to see ya.
Excuse me.
What? No, no, no. I'm not
part of this tour, guys.
I'm ‐‐ I got to get downtown
to the embassy.
You need to go inside.
You don't get free trip
to Russia
without leaving with
nice bony betty, okay?
Okay.
[ "Kickstart My Heart" plays ]
♪♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Whoa, yeah ♪
♪♪
Welcome, welcome...
American macho men.
Pick a seat, pick a girl,
and let the fast romance begin.
Holy shit.
This is so sad.
Yes, it is.
Gene: Remember, boys,
watch your drinks.
Otherwise you'll wind up
in a bathtub
having your organs
harvested.
Gentlemen?
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Okay. I'm going. God.
♪♪
So, uh, listen.
I gotta be honest.
I just need to get
to the American embassy.
I'm looking for an old,
wealthy man with bad heart.
‐Are you any of those things?
‐No.
No, I'm none
of those things.
Did you know that I am number
one in all of selfie class?
I'm not really here
to flirt.
[ Giggles ]
#MeToo.
You don't look like a guy
who consume a bag of dicks.
No, the expression is
"eata bag of dicks."
Hey, pay attention
to your own girl, okay?
‐What is favorite food?
‐I don't know. Pizza.
Pizza?! Yes!
#MeToo!
Why you here?
Micropenis?
‐No.
‐Soft penis?
No. Sometimes.
But most of the time...
What do you want to call
your first child?
I already have.
Her name's Del‐‐
Delicious! Yes! #MeToo!
Delicious is great name.
‐Tuna‐can penis.
‐What?
Penis with a hole
halfway down shaft.
No, that's not a thing.
‐Penis with a tooth on it.
‐Is that a Chernobyl thing?
Nyext!
♪ Do you say annex, I say yes ♪
Still here.
Douche.
Ugh.
How long does thing
go on for?
Yes, this is not what
I had hoped for, either.
All the sad people...
dancing around lies,
afraid of truth.
[ Laughs ]
I like your shoes.
‐Hm.
‐And your hat!
Are you actually
from Syracuse?
Yeah, born and raised.
[ Gasps ] I've always
wanted to go there.
Really? Why?
Sometimes love
need no explanation.
♪♪
Mm. Whoa.
These beets are good.
‐They go well with vodka.
‐Oh, wow.
That would help me get
through this event for sure.
And there it is.
‐[ Chuckles ]
‐[ Chuckles ] Whoo!
Last time I drank vodka with
a beautiful Russian woman,
I almost died.
Oh, my God.
You find me beautiful?
That is a very Russian takeaway
from what I just said.
I was just thinking...
why did I come to
this pathetic event?
And then you show up. I think
you are the best‐looking man.
‐Well, thank you.
‐In the room.
‐I'll still take it.
‐Na zdorov'e.
‐Sure.
‐[ Chuckles ]
Za zdorov'e!
[ Laughs ]
[ Slurring ] Oh, there's a lot
of vodka in this alcohol.
But I'll have one more.
Then I gotta hit the road.
I show Russian‐style.
Okay, give me your hand.
‐Russian. Uh‐huh?
‐Okay. One, two, three, go!
‐Mmm!
‐Ahh!
‐This is awkward.
‐[ As Borat ] But I like!
‐You like?
[ Normal voice ]
Yeah. You know that?
Oh, I don't mean to get serious,
but do you like hockey?
‐There's no other sport.
‐Are you a Sabres fan?
♪ Let's go, Buffalo! ♪
And you even know the song!
Oh, my God! Drew Stafford
was my first crush!
‐What?! He was mine!
‐No.
[ Laughing ]
I mean, in a man‐crush
kind of way, but holy ‐‐
It's like I'm staring
at my new best friend!
Friends with benefits?
There's always benefits
to having more friends.
[ Giggles ]
Okay, enough talking.
Now we see who
is dance‐compatible.
‐Let's go dance.
‐I'm not ‐‐
Let's go dance.
I'm not ‐‐ I don't know
what you're saying.
Whoo!
‐All right. All right.
One dance,
and then I gotta go.
Whoo!
I need to go somewhere.
‐Whoo!
‐Whoa. Yeah.
♪ It's such
a good vibration ♪
I like this song!
I like the Funky Bunch
version better!
[ Laughs ]
I'm not a Marky Mark fan.
‐Whoo!
‐See ya.
♪ When you hold me closer ♪
Huh? I'm coming to you.
Who's coming to you?
Come to me! Come to me!
Whoo! Yes!
Whoo!
[ Giggling ]
Whoo! Yes!
[ Shouting and laughter
echoing ]
♪♪
Ohh. Oh.
Oh, God.
[ Music stops ]
Ohh.
Ohh...
[ Laughter ]
I need to find my family.
My family's ‐‐ Ohh.
Gene: I told you, man!
They're killers!
They're stone‐cold killers!
[ Sheep bleating ]
♪♪
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Man and woman
shouting in Russian ]
Oh, no, no, no!
He escaped! Find him!
[ Gasps ]
[ Object clatters ]
♪♪
You are the man
Natalia's looking for?
If that's the chick trying
to harvest my organs,
then, yeah, I'm the guy.
Ah, shit.
[ Chuckles ]
Aah!
Why does...
Buddy, is there
a way off this roof?
Yes. That way.
‐What do you mean? Jump?
‐Yes.
[ Stammers ]
What?! That ‐‐
No! That's like 60 feet!
No. Like 6 feet.
You can make it.
I can't make that.
You are parkour?
How do you know
my last name?
‐Parkour.
‐Yeah. Nate "Park‐our." Yes.
‐How do you know that?
‐Parkour can make.
Parkours can do a lot
of things, okay,
but that I cannot make.
‐You can make it.
‐I can't!
[ Pounding on door ]
Okay.
Maybe I can, right?
'Cause I'm jumping
at a downward angle.
That's Pythagorean
theorem, right?
Sure.
Sum of the two sides
of an isosceles triangle,
divided by the square root
of the other two sides
is the momentum that ‐‐
That's the math.
I would jump.
She will try to kill you.
Is that what she said?
You better go. She said she will
throw you off the building.
Oh, no!
Why would she do that?
Much easier to harvest organs
from a dead man.
Why would she want
these fatty organs?
They don't even work
half the time!
Oh. Okay. All right.
[ Hands clap ]
Okay, okay.
‐All right. Ahh.
‐What is this?
It's called stretching,
all right?
Americans warm up
before strenuous activity.
‐Just go!
‐I'm going! Cool it!
♪♪
Ahh.
[ Pounding continues ]
♪♪
Go.
Whew.
I...I can't. I can't.
I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die.
Okay. Once you use
your Euclidean geometry,
you'll make it.
You're right.
I can do this.
All right. Whoo!
All right.
♪♪
That's what I always
tell my kids.
Parkours can do anything
they set their mind to.
‐Sure.
‐All right.
This is just like the
Presidential Fitness Challenge
in middle school, okay?
Only this time,
I'm not winning the silver.
I'm going for gold.
Showtime!
Ahh, America!
[ Grunts ]
Aaaaaah!
[ Coughing ]
Aaaah!
[ Breathing heavily ]
I never thought I'd be
a vodka fan, yet here I am.
Aw, shit.
♪♪
Got a lot of history here.
Police! Hey! Police! Police.
There's people
chasing me, okay?
I need to get
to the American Embassy.
I'm an American. America.
Apple pie? Come on. America.
Of course. You're 30 years
behind the times.
Fonzie.
"Ay‐ee! Mrs. C! Mrs..."
Avoid the Noid?
Big bucks, no whammies?
M‐M‐M‐Max, Max.
Max. Max H‐H‐H‐Headroom.
‐Stop!
‐Stop. Hammertime. Hunh!
Yeah, you know that. Hammer?
Come on. You know Hammer.
Hunh‐oh! Huh‐oh, huh‐oh.
Huh‐oh, huh‐oh.
Come on. Hammertime. Stop.
[ Indistinct shouting ]
See, I told you!
♪♪
Buddy, buddy.
What are you doing?
That's not
what that's for.
God, no wonder
you lost the Cold War.
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
Hey. Does anyone know
where the American Embas‐‐
What the hell is that?
Does anyone ‐‐
You guys speak English?
♪♪
[ Baby wailing ]
Hey! Is this ‐‐
Is this your baby?
Da.
You just leave it
hanging there?
Da.
[ Baby wailing ]
What is ‐‐ Russia!
♪♪
Jesus Christ! Guys!
Shit.
Jesus Christ!
What is wrong with Russia?!
God!
♪♪
Ahh. Damn it!
Whoa. You guys
being chased, too?
Is that the only way
out of this gulag?
Guys! Hook a brother up!
Ah. Damn it.
Come on! Get it!
Aw, shit!
[ Grunts ]
Third time's the charm!
Aw, shit. Ah.
That's a better way.
Nate Parkour!
[ Metal pipe rolling ]
Ah, ha, ha!
♪♪
I'm not being chased.
Nobody's chasing me.
[ Chuckles ]
It's classic Nate Parker
overreaction right there.
Sort of the bane
of my existence, man.
Jesus Christ.
What am I thinkin'? Ahh.
In my defense, everyone
in this country looks
a little suspicious,
but it's only 'cause
you never smile.
I mean,
do you ever smile?
See, that's very unnerving,
you know?
But Russians are a‐okay
with me, man.
[ Grunting ] No! No! Ah!
Ooh.
[ Cow moos ]
Come out!
Nate: All right, okay.
Okay, guys. Cool it.
Be cool. Be cool.
‐I've done nothing wrong, okay?
‐Shut up!
I'm an American citizen.
Half Canadian.
Aah! [ Giggling ]
Mwah!
Oh, I'm so happy
to see you again.
I thought you were dead when you
fell through the roof or worse.
But, uh,
you ran away from me.
No, why would I do that?
[ Giggles ]
[ Speaks Russian ]
‐[ Giggles ]
‐Yeah.
Hm. Hm. Hm.
Mwah!
All right. You can't
hurt me, Nutcracker,
'cause I'm with her.
You will marry
my daughter, yes?
Oh, shit.
That's your daughter?
Oh, no. No.
I‐I actually can't.
‐Ah, you are a gay, huh?
‐What? No. I'm not gay.
‐Then you may.
‐No, no, no, I‐I can't.
Then you are a gay.
Why are those
the only two choices?
Then...you...will.
‐Not.
‐Yes.
You...will.
You will.
Still not gonna do it.
[ Scoffs ]
♪♪
[ Sobbing ]